Add Uptime Monitoring Documentation (#10810)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/uptime-issues/index.mdx

---
title: Uptime Issues
sidebar_order: 40
description: "Learn how to use the information on the Issue Details page to debug an error issue."
---

<Include name="feature-stage-alpha-uptime.mdx" />

An uptime issue is a grouping of detected downtime events for a specific URL. A downtime event is generated by
active uptime alerts when HTTP requests fail to meet our
[uptime check criteria](/product/alerts/uptime-monitoring/#uptime-check-criteria).

[TODO: add uptime issue screenshot]

## Traced Errors

> Uptime checks made against web services configured with one of Sentry's supported SDKs contains a
> [trace](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/) that can be used to track detected errors from failed HTTP uptime checks.
> The trace navigator allows you to browse through potential root causes of your downtime, providing a powerful tool
> to quickly identify and resolve issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uptime checks made against web services configured with one of Sentry's supported SDKs contain a
[trace](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/) that can be used to track detected errors resulting from failed HTTP uptime checks. The trace navigator allows you to browse through potential root causes of your downtime and is a powerful  tool for quickly identifying and resolving issues.
```

## Issue Lifecycle

> Uptime issues are grouped by the monitored URL, and created upon the first detected downtime. Sentry automatically
> resolves an ongoing uptime issue when the monitored URL returns to a healthy status and meets our [uptime check
> criteria](/product/alerts/uptime-monitoring/#uptime-check-criteria). If the URL experiences subsequent downtimes,
> the issue's status changes to regressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uptime issues are grouped by the monitored URL and created upon the first detected downtime. Sentry automatically resolves an ongoing uptime issue when the monitored URL returns to a healthy status and meets our [uptime check criteria](/product/alerts/uptime-monitoring/#uptime-check-criteria). If the URL experiences subsequent downtime, the issue's status will change to regressed.
```
